Jesus you gotta love those minions those
minions are gorgeous well hello a
gamer's welcome to eccentric gaming this
is your host a a G there are some rumors
circling around the internet about the
app the actual shoe Fighter 5 roster
contains twenty exciting characters it
has been leaked reviewed online in this
video we can talk about the characters
that are gonna be on the launch of the
game in 2016 during evil you have
probably seen characters Ryu chun-li
Nash and bison kami and birdie and a
couple more that will be on the beta
launch at the end of July is there's
going to be eager an Akuma now those
characters are no surprise how can you
have a street fighter game and not have
can and akuma in there but not a lot of
you have member Eagles Eagles introduced
in Capcom vs. SNK and he's the character
with the blond here and got the mustache
his fighting style was both Jo soo he
slides of 26 now a couple of returning
characters from the street fighter 4
franchise includes a thousand Zuri Kyle
sukira Vega now they're gonna be for new
introduced characters and that includes
a Korean hapkido scrabbler a German
femme fatale now I think she's gonna
look somewhat like cami in a way you
know also spy like new character call
Lucia she's actually a divekick
character from final fight in Street
Fighter there are a lot of final flight
characters Kyle Cody
unfortunately my favorite main character
Cody is not coming back for for street
fighter 5 the boss character his name is
going to be cypher they're going to be 2
DLC characters Vega and Akira Akira is
from rifle school as you can recall
Akira is the lady always riding a riding
a motorcycle including motorcycle gear a
skull on the helmet now some of you
might probably think way was rival
school doing into Fighter 5 but however
sukira is actually from the rifle school
franchise so it kind of makes sense to
me to bring in another rifle school
character and this one is going to throw
us by surprise now the last character
who I did not mention is Karen con su
key karen was from street fighter alpha
3 now she's the blonde version of Sakura
in the way her fighting style is
consumed ease style martial arts and she
doesn't have any fire boss moves now
this is just rumors and speculations
that these 20 characters will be
available during launch and some of them
will be available during the beta phase
however this is still rumors I don't
know it's gonna be true include the link
below so if you want to read the article
and do some of your own research feel
free to go ahead I'm going to continue
this gameplay else Cody you can stick
around and finish watching the game play
thanks for watching guys if you liked
this video please subscribe to our
channel I will see you all next time
finally begun which one
on what power it's like we're Olympic
fireworks
but faith oh no yeah another one feel
much safer
I have to use one of mine
cobbold all day oops stage my myspace
nah
oh that movie even connect oh god no you
got me even we don't get the everyday
survival of the fittest a global scale
Who am on the challengers will make it
back pathan now this can be a good match
Vegas exciting Street dinosaur for this
little I at this location this effin
battle has begun to fight oh yeah I do
you're gonna flick with that how are you
guys easy bad oh yeah
yeah yep oh no about right into it get
out my face let's do fast I'd use that
coming up yeah not one now one block
that done right in your cranks that was
an easy one